Sometimes we use the practice to convenient our reasons. We use our convenient reasons
to convenient to make more of our convenience activities. Sometimes we use the view to cover
up the conduct. Sometimes the conduct we use to cover up our views. Many times it does that.
Many times we take view as easy exit, emergency exit. It is that. And such as we are all, we
are the practitioners of the Vedayana. We can do anything. Vedayana, everything is the mandala.
It's true. Everything is the Buddha mandala. It's true. So it's true. Sound is mandala,
palm is mandala, palm is mandala. It's true. It's true. But it's question. We have that realization
.
Really we have realization that. Then it's different. We don't have that realization.
We don't use that teaching to make ourselves that easy of convenience and jump back to our habit
patterns. That. That we shouldn't do that. This is many times they do this. The Vedayana teaching,
you can drink. You can drink. Or we should drink. I heard sometimes, I hear these quotations of
poverty. Alcohol is gasoline. Alcohol is a gasoline full of copper so that they can move.
I heard that pattern. It's true. Maybe they can move. But when they're moving, I don't know.
They're really moving. Then, they sometimes say, "Oh, in a zuki, it's open. Everything is open.
Completely freedom. Therefore, I can do anything. I can't do anything to do." You shouldn't
restrict anything to it too. Two. That is, is then we feel back to the ditch. Therefore,
always the great master said, "Don't follow your contract with the will." Will.
If you follow, that was Buddha and Muruga Mahasma said, "You can't do something."
Can't do something. He said, "Oh, great king. Great king. Contract should not follow with the will.
And when you follow the contract with the will, that individual will become completely as an
adolescent status. There's no virtues. There's no good, good action. No bad action. And all this
is just the same. It's completely filled beyond an adolescent status. Even worse than a regular
person, ordinary person. So therefore, Muruga Mahasma said, "Oh, great king. Oh, great king.
Don't follow the contract with the will. If there you follow, you will become the nihilism status."
And then he said, "Don't follow the will with the contract." Contract. If you follow the will
with the contract, then we cannot come out of the dualities. Dualities, again, we are completely
lost
in the duality. So that means what? The will is open. But contract, as Muruga Mahasma said,
contract is finer than the flowers. It's so many subtle, so many details. Contract is,
you know, we're dealing with samsara. There's so many rules, like this and that. Then every kind
of brain, the will, that our will becomes so small, so narrow, so long, and then it really won't
break anything. Therefore, we should separate the will and contract. And the teaching said, again,
Gurbia Mahasma said, will, what they call, will, is ascending, I believe, or descending. Will is
descending and conduct is ascending. Conduct is ascending. That means will keep, will must be
applied with the conduct where you're meditating. Meditating. You're not going to court with all
these things. Just blend it. Don't worry. That's why let it come. Let it go. In the teaching said,
let it come. Let it go. Relax and register. So you are not caught in that. But when it comes
to the post-meditation state in samsara, then even you have the highest realization as the almost
lingua, we have to follow the rules and regulations, guidelines in samsara, exactly where the
things
are. Not jumping, not overlapping. Follow it exactly as it is. That is what we need. So then
conduct is ascending, will is descending, and merge in the heart, not outside.
Outside. And that's what we really need to do. For that reason, therefore, the many times in some
great master said, this great master, master, I mean, it is again a linear quotation from the
linear masters. You say, we should be brave. Brave with the will. We should be brave.
Conduct should be timid. This is the western world, all of the western.
Conduct, when it comes to the conduct, it should be timid. And we need to come to the will. Brave,
embarrassing. We should not be timid. Will is vast. Dzogki is vast. Vast and open and freedom,
and don't be timid. Don't get fair with that. That will. But when it comes to the conduct,
timid. Then don't do. Have it. You have to be thoughtful. You have to be mindful. You have to
be there for his cause. Timidity. Those are experiences, great Dzogki masters, lineage.
Lineage and structure. Lineage and structure. So we should do. And we do that. Then we have become
beautiful person, beautiful practitioner. Yogini, yoginis. Yoginis, good in the dharma,
but also very cooperative, nice, appreciative in the samsara, samsara vod.